---
layout: post
title: "Chimps?"
category: truth
tags: rationality
author: Ramneek Narayan
---

to be a buddha is to love all animals. humans are animals too and the very notion of intelligence has failed to bring any kindness for lasting generations. that is the truth. let's address those people who see chimps not as them for a moment...shall we begin? there's going to be counter-examples to show humans = chimps...

"oh no! chimps are so territorial!"

> counter-example: go look at borders for your countries and tell me humans aren't territorial too. ⨳

"oh no! chimps are so brutal!"

> counter-example: go look at the weapons industry and fallen vets in all the countries of the world and tell me humans are peaceful too. take a look at international news for all the physical conflicts of humanity. go look at the history of human warfare and tell me how intelligence has aided in so-called territorial and ideological defense. punches aren't as bad as atom-bombs to you if you chimps are more violent than humans. ⨳

"oh no! chimps are so filthy!"

> counter-example: go look at human ghettos and tell me they are clean as clean as the wild...go look at briton with poop all over during the middle ages and tell me that is the epitome of hygiene. ⨳

"oh no! chimps fling poop!"

> counter-example: go tell me the flinging harmful words and insults hurt less. go tell me the catapult was less harmful, especially with deceased bodies. how about food fights? paintball? it's fine to fling paint at high velocities in an organized manner. ⨳

do you see? humans are primates with primality built into them. we use the intelligence we possess to better adapt to the world we live in. but...did we ever escape primal notions common to all apes? is compassion not primal when even children understand it? *no.*

### ⨳ -- "stay rational."
