---
layout: post
title: "100 Cold Showers"
category: life
tags: [lessons]
author: Ramneek Narayan
---

On February 21, 2020 I completed the 100th cold shower in an effort to build a strong mind that can be focused easier. This post shares some of the story and lessons behind it. So, here we go...

It all began during November 2020 when I regained an interest in the [Wim Hof Method](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wim_Hof) and began to explore the effects of increased exposure to the cold. I read parts of a short book about the purposed benefits of the method and gradual exposure to the cold and thought it was worth a try considering life needed to get better. In addition, I noticed that whenever I took hot showers, while relaxing, **my mind was scattered** and would often drift to **negative thoughts** making me take longer time and overall leave worse than when I walked into the shower.

After a week of gradually setting the temperature lower, I started showers where the water was cold to the touch; this is where I started the count. I thought that if I could get through 100 cold showers, my mind has the ability to get through other pains of life and is thus more resilient. I also noticed that 18min. showers where hurting the environment and raising the water/heating bill. I care about the planet I live in, so naturally cold showers would support this train of thought. **It helps save the environment and saves me time!** I can have more time for sleep now and promote healthy habits that keep the earth in a clean state.

### What it was like...

Initially, I was reluctant to turn the heating off and was a little scared to be taking cold showers. I would always walk in the shower wanting to take a hot one. But, I knew that my mind would go back to its old ways of thinking and I would be more sad. So, I fought off that part of me and kept the water level cold. In the first month I was shivering very much and really had to try to keep my breath under control; I just wanted to tremble and my breathing wasn't very calm. I would always try to distract myself and tell myself that it would be over very soon so I wouldn't give up.

By January my body became adjusted to the temperature and I was more calm during the shower. I don't shiver now and I control my breathing. I was, however, still in a rush to finish. I couldn't wait until the 100 days were over.

By February I became neutral to cold showers and liked that had that tolerance. In a sense, I didn't mind taking cold showers and my mind doesn't think those same thoughts anymore. When I left the shower then, I was more happy than with hot showers and that was a plus. Cold showers helped redirect some of my defeating thoughts and gave me time to sleep more (13min. more time).

---

I completed the challenge (yay!), and have chosen to keep taking cold showers for its benefits. I am not sluggish after showering now, save the earth, and give myself more time to sleep or any other activity before sleep. Cold showers helped me with making a mindset that is not prone to sad thoughts and strengthened that part of me the keeps going even when life is not so fair. It is like my brain has a new muscle when things become hard, I don't behave the same way toward those things. I am far from a mind that is truly crafted but cold showers are one important part of the process.

Anyhow, that is my experience with cold showers. I encourage you to try it too if you feel life can be better, just take it slowly to avoid stopping the whole process altogether: **each week make the water a bit cooler until you know its cold just by the touch (the type you drink on a hot summer day).**

This sums up the post. Thanks for reading! <i class="fas fa-meteor"></i>

(づ｡◕‿‿◕｡)づ
