---
layout: post
title: "Puns II"
category: fun
tags: [extra, bored]
author: Ramneek Narayan
---

They are back! The second round of puns! Hope they are enjoyed!

Q: What position does the Kool-Aid man play in baseball? <br>
*A: The pitcher!*

Q: What’s the most feline enzyme? <br>
*A: Catalysts!*

Q: Why do they say geometers make the best poets? <br>
*A: Because they are figurative!*

Q: How does one spell bankruptcy? <br>
*A: I.O.U!*

Q: How does a physicist code the for-loop? <br>
*A: With some torque!*

Q: Who is the most regal actor? <br>
*A: The drama queen!*

Q: What’s McDonalds’ most emotional meal? <br>
*A: The happy meal, of course!*

Q: Which fruit has the most memory? <br>
*A: The date!*

Q: What happens when squirrels fall in love? <br>
*A: They go nuts for each other!*

Q: Why do they call writing an expression? <br>
*A: Because it can be evaluated!*

Q: What’s a drummer’s favorite vegetable? <br>
*A: Beets!*

Q: Which actors are the brightest? <br>
*A: Those who are stars!*

Q: What happened to the paper when his date left him? <br>
*A: He was torn…*

Q: When a mathematician sees things from a new angle, what happens? <br>
*A: They change their argument!*

Q: When a physicist sees things from a new angle, what happens? <br>
*A: They go through a phase!*

Q: When a statistician sees things from a new angle, what happens? <br>
*A: They change their hypothesis!*

Q: Why did the chi-square distribution feel out of place? <br>
*A: He wasn’t normal!*

Q: Which planet knows the Sun the most? <br>
*A: Mercury, its the closest!*

Q: What are the most educated buildings? <br>
*A: Libraries!*

Q: What, upon realizing the two had similar feelings for each other each day they met, did the statisticians do? <br>
*A: They made a regression together!*

Q: What did the teacher say to the student who wondered why they failed their quiz? <br>
*A: It is not you who failed the quiz, but the quiz who failed you…*

Q: What did the phosphate say to the piece of wood? <br>
*A: We’d make a great match!*

Q: Why did the sir dust love the miss brush? <br>
*A: Because she swept him away!*

Q: Why do statisticians like pi? <br>
*A: It normalizes them!*

Q: What do statisticians do when they are stuck on a problem? <br>
*A: They go on a random walk!*

Q: Why was the center of mass so anxious of herself? <br>
*A: Because she was a weighted average under pressure!*

Q: Why did Mr. Frowny-Face look so average? <br>
*A: Because he was mean!*

Q: What does the philosopher’s snake always say to visitors? <br>
*A: So it was en-tailed to inform my master…*

Q: What’s the big bad wolf’s favorite tissue when sick? <br>
*A: Puffs!*

Q: Why did the crayon feel lonely? <br>
*A: He drew people away…*

Q: Among all velocities, which to prisoner’s favor? <br>
*A: Escape velocity!*

Q: Why are the Japanese good actors? <br>
*A: They always bow!*

Q: Did I ever tell you about the sun's smile? <br>
*A: It’s quite a de-light and a sight!*

Q: What does a chemist say during heated arguments? <br>
*A: Let’s not get so reactive!*

Those were fun to think of! Catch you in the next pun post! <i class="fas fa-meteor"></i>

(づ｡◕‿‿◕｡)づ
