---
layout: life_layout
title: "Better Things to Do"
date: "2021-04-17"
---

## Brain when viewing 'Adult Content'

Most effects of viewing adult entertainment on the brain are **negative**. In fact, sexual arousal (as also noted above) interferes with one's frontal lobes and leads to a loss of working memory[^2]. This then leads to a chain of events (if one is addicted or truly immersed in viewing) where one can be 'forgetful' in other parts of life such as sleep, job interviews, job timeliness, work performance, and relationship issues (sexual or otherwise)[^2]. Not only is the brain's prefrontal cortex effectively 'inhibited' or under attack as one losses working memory, but this region can actually work less effectively at controlling impulses and setting needs for basic tasks (such as good hygiene) as pornography is viewed more often in frequent intervals[^4]. Hyper-sexuality encouraged by frequent porn viewing also take advantage of the brain's *reward pathway* ('meso-limbic reward centers'[^3]) wherein videos or other erotic content can have a lasting impact on how the brain sees pleasure, thereby leading to an addiction or the feeling that one 'needs' the content when in reality it is more a want[^3]. Notice, this is the same reward pathway that is also used when one is in a sexual relationship with another person. This suggests that porn has a similar effect to the brain as with any other sexual activity (an addiction is the same to the brain, either with porn or another person). In a sense, porn uses this same circuitry (reward pathway) as when we have sexual contact with someone; the brain isn't creative when it comes to sex. The same response happens each time in either case. Pornography encourages hyper-sexuality which damages one's own brain if used in the long term, in frequent intervals.

## The Conclusion

The net effect of high porn use is a higher use of the brain's reward centers which then lead to a loss of interest in activities that were once enjoyable (such as sports, hobbies, etc...)[^2] as videos give a greater reward and provide instant satisfaction and are (for the most part) free and easy to find. The prefrontal cortex is also abused in the process and higher order executive processes are weakened which can alter its biochemistry (preference for 'drug-associated stimuli' and lack of interest in self-maintenance)[^3]. **Watching adult content always gives a short-term high and then leaves one where there were before the videos and in a position to view again in the future.** One does not become more intelligent nor a better person from watching porn. While some who are not frequent viewers claim no effect on sexuality[^1], regular use of porn can change the brain's structure towards lower high executive function, effectively lowering one's quality of life. $\blacksquare$

> Still, a good inquiry is why people report lower life satisfaction from self-stimulation chronically versus those who don't self-stimulate chronically. It could be marks of passive or avoidant behavior or lack of knowledge of other coping skills. Biological and chemical wiring as well. In terms of brain function, the effect is perhaps the same or at least "nearly the same" in self-stimulation vs. mutual sexual activity (does the end of it feel any different mentally?). But...some process must be different for some one or people engaged in a sexual activity. Something or process is redirected so as to not give that 'odd' feeling one might have from the same process behind addictive behaviors. And people report greater feelings conditional on certain settings. There must be something happening inside minds of those who go toward certain things prior to when they make the decision and this conditions them to have a different response towards nearly the same brain function. Interesting: the same brain function conditional on different settings as well as different frameworks of mind lead to a different physiological response towards the same activity. Socially speaking too we discourage any type of self-sexual exploration and this too might lead to a difference in views. Brain function is wholistic. Never mind not rational. Just giving some inquiry...why we think about things the way we do and how it changes perception of things that haven't changed at all.

---

[^1]: [Elite Daily: What Happens to Brain on Porn](https://www.elitedaily.com/p/heres-what-happens-in-your-brain-when-you-watch-porn-18760967)
[^2]: [Consuming Porn Can Impact Short-Term Memory](https://fightthenewdrug.org/researchers-watching-porn-hurts-your-brain-and-contributes-to-forgetfulness/)
[^3]: [Pornography addiction: A neuroscience perspective](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3050060/)
[^4]: [Internet Pornography and Frontotemporal Dementia](https://neuro.psychiatryonline.org/doi/full/10.1176/jnp.23.2.jnpe3)
