---
layout: post
title: "Puns I"
category: fun
tags: [extra, bored]
year: "2019"
author: Ramneek Narayan
---

These are just some puns that I make in my spare time when I'm bored. They are purely for enjoyment and have no special meaning whatsoever. Apolamváno! (Greek for 'enjoy').

Q: Where do sharks think?
<br>*A: In a think tank!*

Q: What is the worst type of knot?<br>
*A: The naughtiest knot that ought not lest it be caught and distraught!*

Q: Where are these so-called ‘higher reasoning faculties?’<br>
*A: The cerebrum, its the top of the brain!*

Q: What’s a snake’s favorite drum piece?<br>
*A: The snare drum!*

Q: What’s a Buddha’s least favorite fruit?<br>
*A: Passion fruit!*

Q: What’s a Buddha’s least favorite food?<br>
*A: Soul food!*

Q: What’s a comedian’s favorite candy bar?<br>
*A: Snickers!*

Q: What’s a computer architect’s favorite food?<br>
*A: Fish AND chips! (P.S. it used to be fish XOR chips on the XOR value menu until the manager saw the demand was high for both so it was put on the AND luxury menu. Thanks for eating at the programmer’s shack!)*

Q: What did the philosopher say when presented an enigma of flowers?<br>
*A: How Wonder-ful!*

Q: What’s the best type of maze?<br>
*A: A wander-ful one!*

Q: What’s the slogan for the Crackpot Cafe?<br>
*A: Brewing up fresh ideas since the dawn of time!*

Q: What’s a demon’s favorite topping on their hotdogs?<br>
*A: Hellish relish!*

Q: Why are fruits so nice?<br>
*A: Because they’re sweet!*

Q: Who is the most experienced sailor?<br>
*A: Mrs. Dash! (She’s seasoned).*

Q: Among all students, who can see the farthest and the best?<br>
*A: Those who are pupils!*

Q: Do professors give sermons?<br>
*A: Only when teachers are preachers!*

Q: What do we do to dirty minds in class?<br>
*A: Give them a good brain-wash!*

Q: What is the pen-ultimate achievement of man-kind?<br>
*A: To express love to everyone, lest they be not of that kind…*

Q: What is the holiest lecture?<br>
*A: Those you have faith in…*

Q: What is the most right-eous lecture?<br>
*A: Those you know are true in their entirety with proof…*

Q: What’s a legal judge’s final exam?<br>
*A: Evaluate a case involving people they love including themselves…*

Q: How does a mathematician describe his relationship with his imaginary girlfriend?<br>
*A: Complex!*

Q: How does a philosopher describe his relationship with his imaginary girlfriend?<br>
*A: Universal, we all have one he thinks!*

Q: How does a theologian describe his relationship with his imaginary girlfriend?<br>
*A: Heavenly!*

Q: How does a statistician describe his relationship with his imaginary girlfriend?<br>
*A: A spectacular correlation of love!*

Q: How does a biologist describe his relationship with his imaginary girlfriend?<br>
*A: An evolutionary desire!*

Q: How does a chemist describe the perfect relationship with his imaginary girlfriend?<br>
*A: In equilibrium since its quite the reaction!*

Q: How does a computer scientist describe his relationship with his imaginary girlfriend?<br>
*A: Coded in love, one to never debug!*

Q: How does a doctor describe his relationship with his imaginary girlfriend?<br>
*A: Quite the cure!*

Q: How does a logician describe his relationship with his imaginary girlfriend?<br>
*A: Well formed!*

Q: How does a physicist describe his relationship with his imaginary girlfriend?<br>
*A: Full of energy!*

Q: How does a historian describe his relationship with his imaginary girlfriend?<br>
*A: Memorable, never one to forget!*

Q: How does an anthropologist describe his relationship with his imaginary girlfriend?<br>
*A: Cultured!*

That looks like plenty for this post, I hope that was fun for you and encourage you to make puns as well in your spare time. Till the next post! <i class="fas fa-meteor"></i>
