---
layout: post
title: "Doubts"
category: truth
tags: rationality
author: Ramneek Narayan
---

just sharing my thoughts about what's going on right now, december 2020 during this pandemic.

what makes me doubt *social distancing* as a measure of mitigating illness spread...

> lack of data to support hypothesis for example...

1. look at the people who went to Trump rallies: there was *high attendance*, no mask wearing. thereafter, there was a little rise in cases. but...this is just my guess, if we collected data on whether newly infected people actually attended rallies, then we might know with more accuracy. in short, high numbers of people attended Trump rallies *without masks* and there was little occurrence of infection. doesn't it make you think a little?

what makes me doubt *mask wearing* itself...

> pure reason

there is...

1. high CO2 rate into the body which is bad for overall health including the immune system which needs O2 to function
2. moist environment for face, breeding ground for germs and bacteria as well as a suitable setting for respiratory illnesses that like warm, spongy, and moist surfaces. i suspect that corona thrives well in spongy tissue and grows better there. for example, we can grow corona well in kidney tissues, but how about other types of cells?
3. most commercial masks sold in the markets right now are made of fabric or cloth that is not sold as medical grade. no doctor would even think about wearing these. we can't use pollution masks for basic surgeries, they are that bad at blocking harmful bacteria, let alone an even smaller particle like corona-19. doctor's can't do that at all in practice.


#### ⨳ "think freely, anytime, anywhere."
